what a thrill to take the wheel of a
rocket ohs mobile oh hi everybody yeah
guy can sing what he's driving candy
that's an ad from the 40s and 50s
Oldsmobile campaign and the lab coat
from the 70s from dr. Oldsmobile hey
when we come back you're going to see
some of the coolest people and their
cars on wheels
you
hey welcome back students get your
thinking caps on because we're going to
school old school not what you're
thinking we're going to learn all there
is about the Oldsmobile and we're going
to start out with Greg Brophy I do great
I'm good we are at his place in Oshkosh
Darrell and I travel down to the valley
and it was a worthwhile trip so far this
shop i'm going to call it the garage
mahal dude this is phenomenal i called
my place the man cave but this far
exceeds my expectations beautiful shop
beautiful tire we're starting out here
with your car a 70s double 30w 31
compass yep tell us when you got the car
and maybe a model of all your buddies
are going to be too you've got a little
Brotherhood of Oldsmobile fanatics know
either the passion runs deep and I can
tell just by talking to you guys tell us
about your love of the old zabil and
this car okay well I got this car
probably about I was over 10 years 10 15
years ago now i think and actually my
best friend found it in arizona and we
were looking for one and he's like and
he knew a lot of people from like
barrett-jackson and auctions and stuff
like that and he says hey why don't you
just let me try to do it here and i can
get you an awesome paint job and all
this kind of stuff so that's what we
kind of did you know he kept the car
down there so I didn't really get to see
a lot of it happening down there and
he'd show me pictures and videos and
what they were doing and stuff like that
and they did really do an awesome job
but it took forever so I think it was
down there for like four years then he
sent it back up here after the paint and
the dash were in and the frame was all
detail there's a frame-off restoration
so came up in here and I had to do the
motor and the interior and all that kind
of stuff well it just kind of worked out
that he moved back from Arizona to
Wisconsin so he got to see it completed
here it was so I took us seven years
from start to finish right I'm the only
good thing about that was it was paid
for as I went along so that's good
it has no reason to rush anything it's
quality not one yeah i thought we say of
the underside of this car and it's as
beautiful under there as it is on top
yeah